---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E4: Progress in Programming Report"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-11
published: true
labels:
  - ITM352
  - Assignment 1
---
My programming skills have improved greatly over the past couple of months. We have finished up learning about conditionals, loops, objects, functions, server processing, etc since the last time I wrote an essay. How I think this improved my overall programming skills is that I'm able to not have redundant code now with having to put each and every value into the web page but rather use better ways like loops and objects to make the process quicker than just hard coding the values in. However it is not all great because I still have a lot to work on. For example it is laying out what I want to do with my code on the page with comments. Also another thing I need to work on is not just instantly forgetting about what we had just learned about. I had to do a lot of reviewing for assignment 1 and even then I was having trouble with simple things that we went over before. I feel like the WODs have really helped me with my thinking when it comes to this class because it truly challenged me if I knew the content up to that point or not and that helped a lot with "fast tracking" my learning and now I feel like I am able to do them with out the screencast. I feel like the labs were very useful as well for me. They were a good hands on introduction to whatever topic we were learning at that time. Also it was a good reference to what we learned if I needed to go back and review anything. I certainly learned a lot from my expirence from assignment 1. In many ways it was the ultimate test so far of what we learned and if we can actually apply it to something. I feel like the main thing I learned from my expirence from assignment 1 was to not be afraid to use my resources like going back and reviewing my labs and the material or going to office hours. Some of the ways I think the class can be improved is by having better time mangement. What I mean by that is by finishing that parts of the lab we are supposed to in class and not leaving them to be on your own. I think this will help us understand the content better having Professor Port there to help us clear any misunderstandings in our knowledge. The one thing that helps me most in this class is the labs because it helps us understand the content and presents us situations that we would have in our WODs, assignment, or general use.
