---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E5: Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-22
published: true
labels:
  - ITM353
  - Assignment 2
---
Assignment 2 was about building a function store where you are able to login or register to login to view your purcahse. It also was about personalization in our invoice page and possibly seeing how many times you logged in or how many other users there are. For further deatails click here: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/modules/Assignment2/ . Something I learned from this assignment is passing data through the server and not the query string. This made it so I can pass the quantities data from the store to the invoice put not throught the login and registration I orginally worked with a partner but we eventually split up and worked on the assignment on our own. For this assignment when I needed help I went either on the internet to try and find my solution or asked people in the class. For what I needed help on it was the logout function and how I would go about that. This assignment was different from assignment 1 because the focus was on the login and registration rather than the major store functions from assignment 1. I would say 45% of the time I was thinking about how I would go about a requirement, 20% of the time writing the code, and 35% of the time testing and debugging. What worked well for me in this project was creating the new pages like the login and registration and fixing up the old ones that I already had. What did not work well was putting or converting what validations I had to do into code. If I could do things differently what I would do is try to ask for help from the Professor and the TAs for what I needed help on rather then just looking at the code and getting no where.
