---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E6: Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-05-12
published: true
labels:
  - ITM353
  - Assingment 3
---
Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
The system we made is a store that sells instruments and band supplies.
Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
We were not able to implement the group requirement of having admin users among other things.
Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
I am most proud of how we were able to put together something in this assignment even though we had some setbacks
Describe what you are least happy with your system:
I am least happy with how we weren’t able to implement everything.
How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
Developing this assignment was different than assignment 2 because of the use of cookies and sessions we needed. It required a different mindset from assignment two where we were just using the login and registration but for this we needed to expand upon it and add new things along with it.
When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
When I ran into a problem I tried my best to look at my available resources to try and figure out how to approach the problem differently or how I can fix it and if there was no luck with that I would contact the professor for help.
Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
What worked well during this assignment is implementing the multiple pages and the cart function. 
Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
What did not work well during this assignment was debugging and testing everything because it took time away from the other requirements and didn’t fix much when I was doing it on my own.
What did you learn from doing this assignment?
What I learned from this assignment is how to use make a user cart actually work and how to enhance a website to have personalization with sessions.
If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
I would’ve not gotten sick and I would’ve started earlier and laid out a clear plan.
Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
I would say I would spend 30%   thinking about the code,  30%  writing the code, and  40%  testing and debugging.
Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)
The amount each teammember contributed to the assignment was around 50 50. My partner worked on the main functions like the cart and nav bar while I worked on the different product pages and the IRs.
